OK.
So there is a very simple fix to this.
I went out onto the net and looked it up.
So all you need is this command.
So go ahead and copy it.
I got it from the good people.
Get up and gular QuickStart.
So there's instruction set here.
You will need this command to fix this issue and you will need to delete this folder.
So just go ahead and deleted
OK.
Now go back to the command prompt and just paste this command you paste it with right click and windows
press center and wait for it.
OK.
And now we can type in and PM install one more time just to be silly.
And a third of it has I should improve my singing so I can provide music during these hours during these
moments of silence not compatible with your operating system or architecture.
Something isn't compatible but it's fun.
I think it should be fine.
And then start.
There you go.
It starts so we have fixed there anyway.
As I said before when you perform updates you are likely to encounter problems but hey you need to update
things and you need to solve those problems.
Anyway I'm going to go ahead and bid you farewell here and we're going to go ahead and continue with
the course.